Write about delegate selector for shell script step execute on target host (#3099)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/shell-script-step.md

You can specify where to run the script **Target Host** or **On Delegate**.

> In you select On Delegate, the script is executed on whichever Delegate runs the step. You can use **Delegate Selector** in **Advanced** to pick the Delegate(s) if needed.
> If you select a target host, the delegate which will connect to the target host is decided by the **Delegate Selector**. Please choose an appropriate selector if only some of the delegates have connectivity to the target host to make sure the correct delegate is chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select **On Delegate**, the script is executed on whichever Delegate runs the step. You can use **Delegate Selector** in **Advanced** to pick the Delegate(s) if needed.
If you select a target host, your choice of **Delegate Selector** determines which delegate connects to the target host. Therefore, if only some of the delegates have access to the target host, exercise care when specifying the delegate selector so that the correct delegate is selected.
```
